Distinguish between function pointers and code pointers through additional relocation types (#306)
ARM-software/abi-aa: aaelf64-morello/aaelf64-morello.rst

  the second entry holds a platform-specific offset or pointer. The pair of
  pointer-sized entries will be relocated with ``R_MORELLO_TLSDESC(S+A)``.

> - ``Delta(S)`` if ``S`` is a normal symbol, resolves to the difference between the

Reviewer: This is just a copy of what's in aaelf64.rst, right?

Author: Yes.

  ``| 64-bits offset | 64-bits size |``

  ``R_MORELLO_CODE_CAPINIT`` is similar to ``R_MORELLO_CAPINIT`` but signifies
  that the capability being relocated is a code pointer as opposed to a data
  pointer or function pointer. This distinction is needed for library-based

>   compartmentalization (c18n). Note that current toolchain only allows code
>   pointers to be taken for non-preemptible symbols, so all instances of
>   ``R_MORELLO_CODE_CAPINIT`` would be converted to relative relocations at
>   static-link time. This behaviour is not guaranteed in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  compartmentalization (c18n). Currently for security reasons this relocation may only be used for non-preemptible symbols, and thus will be converted to ``R_MORELLO_RELATIVE`` at link time, making it in effect a static relocation. However, this restriction may be removed in future if needed, and is therefore classed as a dynamic relocation.
```

Also, is it an error to use this relocation against a non-STT_FUNC symbol? If so we should state that. (Think carefully about STT_GNU_IFUNC, not just data/untyped symbols)

Author: It is not an error to use this for a non-STT_FUNC symbol, and the toolchain will just convert it to a relative relocation (or error out for global symbols).

Reviewer: I'll rephrase: is there a legitimate use case for permitting such uses, or should they be forbidden by the spec?

Author: We should probably forbid it - I cannot think of any legitimate use cases.

  ``| 64-bits offset | 64-bits size |``

  ``R_MORELLO_CODE_CAPINIT`` is similar to ``R_MORELLO_CAPINIT`` but signifies
  that the capability being relocated is a code pointer as opposed to a data
  pointer or function pointer. This distinction is needed for library-based
  compartmentalization (c18n). Currently for security reasons this relocation
  may only be used for non-preemptible symbols, and thus will be converted to
  ``R_MORELLO_RELATIVE`` at link time, making it in effect a static relocation.

>   However, this restriction may be removed in future if needed, and is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  However, this restriction may be removed in future if needed, and it is
```
I must have omitted a word in my proposed phrasing

>   relative relocations at static-link time.

Reviewer: Do we want to explicitly state that this restriction may be enforced? (Or make it a static relocation, but that would mean we could never backpedal on this if it turns out we need it for preemptible symbols...)

Author: I put this explanation here mainly so that nobody can get confused over why RTLD doesn't actually handle this relocation type.

How about I change the language a bit to say that the current behaviour of the toolchain is to not allow preemptible symbols, but this may change in the future.

Author: I've reworked the language.
